I have arrived!
The city of water and hot
springs, Arcanretia!
Clad in the armor of my friends' parting gifts,
I stand here with my sister's
wishes in my heart...
And I feel up to any challenge!
And thus begins the first page
in the book of my adventures!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Episode 7: Troublemakers of the City of Water
It... It wasn't supposed to be like this.
It's been a week since
I teleported to this town,
and not only have I had trouble earning
the fare to my next destination, Axel,
Just sign right here and your
life will be rose-tinted bliss!
but I'm barely able to cover
the cost of food and lodging.
All it takes is a signature!
Huh? It's a bad idea?
Yes.
All of the monsters that live near
Arcanretia tend to be really strong.
There are manageable ones like
goblins and kobolds, too, but...
They always seem to appear alongside the kind
that would make quick work of
an amateur. Which means...
A rookie adventurer like myself
can't accept quests here, then.
Sorry about this.
I know my explosion magic could
obliterate any kind of foe!
But if I can't take any work on,
I literally can't get anywhere.
No! It should be fine if I find a normal
job that doesn't require magic!
It should!
You're fired.
Hang on a second, boss!
There's a good explanation for this!
Is there? Let's hear it.
Well... these customers were
treating me like a child,
so I asked them, "How could
I possibly seem like a child?"
And they had the nerve to talk about my
height, and my chest, among other things.
And that's why you ended up pressing
piping hot oden against their faces?
Hot!
Yep!
Okay. So you're fired.
At this rate...
Would you like to join us in loving
Lady Aqua? Worshiping her?
Serving her? I'm sure it would provide
a dramatic change in your life,
in more ways than one!
Joining the Axis Church has all kinds
of benefits, like learning party tricks
and becoming really popular
with undead monsters!
I don't have time for this.
I need to earn money somehow!
Join the Axis Church now and you're
guaranteed to have good luck!
Would it... help me make friends?
Yunyun?
You'll get friends, family, and lovers!
Of all ages, from adults to kids to old folks!
I think I may have developed a
subconscious reliance on her.
Which is bad!
Aren't you two ashamed to do this
sort of thing to a helpless girl?!
What's this?
Stop trying to make this about us!
Give it a rest and—
Hold it right there!
Please, help me!
These two were all, "Look at the pretty
mug on you! I bet you want it, huh?"
"Waltzing around town with
that hot little body,
I bet you knew exactly what would happen!"
And then they tried to drag me off!
We did not!
I am called Megumin!
Foremost mage among the Crimson Demons,
and master of explosion magic!
And I can hardly overlook
this brand of villainy!
Wait, you're a Crimson Demon?
Don't be hasty, now. Let's talk this over.
Unfortunately for you, my crimson gaze
can see through the excuses that
would fool your average dullard!
Girl, I think your crimson
gaze might be blind!
Great, now what are you gonna do about this?
That woman was an Axis cultist!
Huh?
She defaced a portrait of Lady
Eris that was hung in our church!
Huh?!
And the other day, she ran
off with all the bread
that we were supposed to
distribute to the needy!
What?!
Well, that's, uh...
I'm terribly sorry about that.
I haven't been here long, and I don't...
Officer, that's them!
I half expected this to be nonsense,
considering the Axis Cult was involved,
but it looks like the Eris Sect is
actually harassing a young girl.
Ma'am, I don't know what
that Axis cultist told you,
but we haven't done anything wrong!
Dear me! Look how defiant they are!
And after they were trying
to do who-knows-what
not just to that darling girl,
but myself, as well!
You must've been so scared!
But it's all right now!
What are you talking about?!
Why don't you explain yourselves
down at the station?
Come along, now.
Wh-What?!
Let's go! Now's our chance!
Hang on! I need to question you two, as well!
Are you all right? They didn't hurt you?
Looks like I arrived in the nick of time!
Talk about a close call.
What are you trying to pull?
Why are you trying to make
it sound like you saved me?
It's not like I had any reason to run.
Come, now. If you had stayed there,
those wicked Eris cultists would've
definitely done something horrible to you.
I mean, look at you!
You're so cute and... lolicious.
Now, if you want to thank me for helping you,
just sign this certificate of conversion...
I am not joining the Axis Sect!
Why should I thank you in the first—
Someone must be hungry!
Why don't you come with me?
I'll take real good care of you!
And yet, I have a tremendously
bad feeling about it.
My name is Cecily, and I'm a priest
with the Religious Order of Axis!
You can call me "Big Sis Cecily," okay?
My name is Megumin...
So call me that.
What an unusual name!
But no matter. Let's get you some tasty
food, and we can have a nice chat.
It's a loli!
Our order has been blessed with a loli!
Look how lolicious she is!
Loliloli!
The next person to say "loli"
is going to catch these hands!
God, she is a loli loli.
Miss Megumin, our adherents are
forbidden from being near children.
So, please, try to understand how they feel.
What in the world did you people do?!
Please, enjoy.
This isn't one of those
"By eating this, you accept membership
in the Axis Sect" deals, is it?
Come, now! We would never
try anything so dastardly!
Right?
Th-That's right!
I swear to Lady Aqua!
Good grief...
Ah, it seems an adorable
guest has joined us.
This our arch priest, Father Zesta.
I hear you've had trouble finding
work or a place to stay.
If you'd like, you can have a
room here until you find a job.
Thank you so much!
I hate to impose, but I was
really running out of options.
If there's anything I can do to
thank you, please, just ask.
Did you say... anything?
Er, that's more a figure of speech...
In that case...
Could you call me "Big Brother"?
Wait, no... "Daddy"!
Maybe some underpants instead?
Actually, just sit on me!
Oh, dear, I can't decide!
Oh great goddess Aqua! Please offer
your guidance to this lost lamb!
Excuse me, but what is this deviant's deal?
That's Father Zesta. He runs our chapter,
and is next in line to be pontiff of our order.
Is your order... going to be okay?
I know what you're thinking, but he can
be pretty competent when he has to be.
It'll probably be fine?
You really don't sound that invested.
Father Zesta, I hate to interrupt your fun,
but I have today's report
on our conversion rates.
This doesn't look promising.
Yes, most likely due to the
machinations of that wicked Eris Cult.
Maybe we should switch up
our proselytization methods?
How, for example?
We could pretend to be
members of the Eris Sect,
and just before someone signs up,
switch out the certificate of conversion
with one for the Axis Church.
No, that would be too obvious, and they'd
be able to run at the last second.
You're looking for an effective method
to recruit new members, then?
Crimson Demons are renowned for
our wisdom. Perhaps I can help?
Listen closely.
First, I intentionally spill these apples.
"Oh, my apples!" I'll scream in anguish.
And then some kind person
will help me collect them.
That's when I say, "Thank you
so much! You're a huge help!"
And you pretend to coincidentally
have come across the scene.
Then I'll go, "Mr. Zesta!
This person just helped me!"
Which is your cue to go,
"Please, let me thank you somehow,"
at which point you invite
us both to a nearby café.
Which is where you will
threaten... or rather,
give a sermon to convince them to convert!
M-M-M-M—
Magnificent! Such brilliant thinking!
Is this the wisdom of the Crimson Demons?!
It sounds more effective than
any plan I've ever heard of!
Now then, let's get underway.
Right!
Here comes someone who looks helpful.
Wha—
Oh, my apples!
Thank you so much! You're a huge help!
Can I do anything to thank you?!
Th-That's okay!
Well, nothing is perfect from the get-go.
I think I've the gist now,
so I bet it'll work next time.
Could you just leave?
Now, now, everyone makes mistakes sometimes.
Do you even realize it was your fault?
Let's change up the premise. This time,
we'll pretend that you're attacking me.
Right.
Let's go for that hardy-looking fellow
with the righteous air about him.
Someone! Someone, help me!
This old man was going to make me...
Where is he?
Huh?
What are you doing?!
We've already got his attention!
You need to come after me!
At this rate, I'm just going to look crazy!
Miss, what's this all about?
Well...
I happen to be a police officer,
although I'm off-duty today.
Th-There's actually... a good explanation...
Well, I'd like to hear it,
considering the commotion you're making.
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Son of a...
I am done.
Now, don't be that way.
I apologize for running
and leaving you behind.
It's just, he looked rather tough, you know?
That's no excuse! I was chewed out
by a constable because of you!
I'm so sorry! You have my
most heartfelt apology!
Do you actually feel sorry at all?
Now, now, let's renew our approach.
Oh, look, meat skewers!
I can't be bought with food, you realize.
This is really good!
I'm curious, Miss Megumin. What has you
traveling on your own at such a young age?
I'm actually searching for someone.
Although my only clues are
that she's a beautiful,
voluptuous woman who uses explosion magic.
That sounds familiar...
What?! Could you tell me more?
Something about a buxom beauty of
some renown in the town of Axel,
who can use explosion magic, and is
running a magical item shop, I think?
The fact that she's a buxom beauty made
an impression, so it stuck in my memory.
Well, since you've given me a good
lead in addition to good food,
let me help a bit more with
your recruiting efforts.
Would you be so kind, Miss Megumin?
There they are!
Get them!
Uh, Zest?! Why did you steal the
toilet paper from that bathroom?!
I left certificates of
conversion in their place!
Wouldn't you despair at having no paper,
and search for grace in Lady Aqua's arms?!
You didn't think about
the trouble you'd cause,
or the fact that they might wipe
their butts with your certificates?!
Let's just head back.
I don't mind, but... are you sure
you want to, Miss Megumin?
Excuse me?
Considering how highly
you billed yourself...
Crimson Demons are renowned for
our wisdom. Perhaps I can help?
I certainly wouldn't want
to return empty-handed.
Fine. Let's try one more time.
But I'm going to do it myself this time.
Can you restrain yourself?
I see...
I suppose I'll select the mark, then.
You're even calling them "marks" now.
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
Well, well...
There, Miss Megumin. Here comes
a pleasant-seeming young girl.
Good grief...
I can't believe I tripped over nothing!
I skinned my knee!
It hurts so much, I can't move!
At this rate, the wound will—
What are you doing?
Seriously, Megumin.
What are you doing...
in the middle of the street?!
Please stop!
Don't roll me like that! Yunyun!
Yunyunyunyunyunyun!
Meguminminminminmin!
KONOSUBA - An Explosion on This Wonderful World!
So, you fall over in the middle of the
street, beg for help, and then what?
I've got questions myself.
What are you doing here?
Huh?! Well, that's... er....
And why is Chomusuke with you?
It's just... Chomusuke
has really missed you!
She's been totally
heartbroken with you gone.
Look! See? She's so excited
to see you again!
Excuse me, but who are you, and what is
your relationship with Miss Megumin?
I-I'm Megumin's rival.
And I've actually been curious...
How do you know Megumin?
You want to know about our relationship?!
This is Zesta, with the Axis Sect.
The Axis Sect?!
Miss Megumin has been helping
me recruit new members.
That was your idea... of proselytizing?
Hey, Megumin, I'm not sure you should stay
here and mess with the Axis Sect much longer.
Believe me, I am fully aware of that fact.
In that case...
By all means, Miss Yunyun,
make yourself at home.
O-Okay... sure.
Well, now.
What manner of kink is this?
Father Zesta, chief priest
of the Holy Order of Axis.
I'm afraid you're wanted for arrest.
What, exactly, is this? Arresting
someone without stating any charges?
That doesn't strike me as very legal.
Megumin...
What has he supposedly done?
Father Zesta! What did you do this time?!
Didn't we tell you to show some restraint
when playing with yourself?!
And we warned you that sexually harassing the
priestesses of the Eris Sect was going too far!
Or were you going on another public
tirade about how it's unfair that
women can buy men's underpants
without suspicion,
but men can't do the same
without getting dirty looks?
Take him away.
We appreciate your cooperation.
Aw! Megumin, you traitor!
Don't make it sound like
I've done anything wrong.
You've been charged with
conspiracy to commit treason.
Take a look at this.
"A threat is descending upon
the city of Arcanretia."
"Should something seem
off with the hot springs,
be cautious of those in charge
of their management."
"For they are a servant of the Devil King."
This info came from the
Crimson Demon Village.
I'm sure you're familiar with
their famous fortune teller?
Don't tell me...
There have been complaints
over the last few days
from various inns about the water
quality of the hot springs.
Just like the fortune said,
something seems to be happening to the springs.
And the Axis Sect is responsible
for managing the water control...
Which would imply a connection between
you all and the Devil King—
How dare you, you little wench?!
Don't you know our creed includes,
"Slay the demons, defeat the Devil King"?!
Our order would never do such a thing!
Back off!
Or do you want obstruction of justice
and lewd conduct added to your charges?!
I'll shut your foolish
mouth with a big smooch!
Smooch!
Take him away already!
This is a conspiracy by the Eris Cult!
Don't be deceived!
They fear my animal magnetism!
They've duped this dimwitted
girl into doing their bidding!
Oh, no! What will become of our
order with Father Zesta gone?
What kind of problems will it cause?
Huh, looks like we'll be okay after all.
I apologize for the fuss.
I do wonder what brought these
accusations on, though.
Yunyun...
You've seemed awfully nervous for a while now.
Well...
When I left the Crimson Demon village,
Soketto asked me to do something.
She saw that this city would be in danger,
and wanted me to deliver a letter of
prophecy if I was going to Arcanretia.
And so, well...
In other words, that letter you
brought is what caused all this.
Next Episode Preview
Episode 8: Fanatics of the Water City
Big trouble, Megumin!
I just want to go back home
to the Crimson Demon village!
The Axis Sect definitely
seems like bad news...
What in the world?! Did she actually
follow Chomusuke all the way here?!
N-Next time, we'll crash your
family meeting with an...
Explosion!